#Full Stack Nanodegree  Project No. 1

##Randy's Sci-Fi Movie Trailers

##Overview

This project uses Python to generate a website that displays a list of sci-fi movies and their posters.  Clicking on a movie poster runs the movie's trailer.  Three python files are used to execute the code. The file media.py defines a class Movie() which includes the movie's title, its poster art, and its YouTube trailer, and causes the trailer to run when the poster is clicked.  The file entertainment_center.py defines an instance of classMovie() for each of the 12 films,  creates an array of the movies, and calls the function open_movies_page from fresh_tomatoes.py.  The file fresh_tomatoes.py generates a web page, fresh_tomatoes.html, stores the webpage in the folder containing the Python files, and opens the page in a web browser.

##Repository Contents

The main repository contains the three Python files:  media.py, entertainment_center.py, and fresh_tomatoes.py, which are required to generate the website.

The gh_pages repository contains the html file generated by the Python files, fresh_tomatoes.html.  

##Running the Program

The program may be run using Python IDLE.  The files were generated using Python 3.5.x, so use this version of Python.  In this case,  clone the main repository, open IDLE, navigate to the containing folder, open entertainment_center.py, and run it.  Python will generate an html file, store it, and open it in your default browser.

The program may also be run using Python from a command line, Mac Terminal or Windows Power Shell.  In this case, put the cloned folder in your home folder, and in Terminal or Power Shell, change the directory the appropriate folder.  Then run $python entertainment_center.py to generate the html file and open it in your default browser.

Once the html page is open, you will see listed the posters of the 12 sci-fi movies I selected along with their titles.  Click on any poster to run its YouTube trailer.

The generated html file can be found in the associated gh-pages branch repository, and it may be run by navigating to https://randyhoffner.github.io/FSND-Proj-1.